docs: update public interface doc to reflect airflow.sdk and AIP-72 (#52197)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/public-airflow-interface.rst

Using Airflow Public Interfaces
===============================

.. note::

   As of **Airflow 3.0**, users should use the ``airflow.sdk`` namespace as the official **Public Interface**, as defined in `AIP-72 <https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/AIRFLOW/AIP-72+Task+Execution+Interface+aka+Task+SDK>`_.

>    Direct interaction with internal modules or the metadata database is **discouraged**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Direct interaction with internal modules or the metadata database is not possible.
```

Author: Good catch, @potiuk — thanks for pointing that out!
